README.md, before:

<!--
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the MIT License.
-->

## ![Product Logo](./src/icons/brand/blue/brand-blue-48px.png) Accessibility Insights for Web & Android

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/accessibility-insights/accessibility-insights-web/_apis/build/status/accessibility-insights-web%20CI?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/accessibility-insights/accessibility-insights-web/_build/latest?definitionId=37&branchName=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/accessibility-insights-web/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/accessibility-insights-web)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg?label=Version)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/stars/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni/reviews)

Two projects are built from this repository:

-   **Accessibility Insights for Web** is a browser extension for Google Chrome and the new Microsoft Edge, used for assessing the accessibility of web sites and web applications.
-   **Accessibility Insights for Android** is a cross-platform desktop tool used for testing accessibility of Android applications.

### Install Accessibility Insights for Web

-   ![Canary Logo](./src/icons/brand/red/brand-red-16px.png) [Canary](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hbcplehnakffdldhldncjlnbpfgogbem) (released continuously)
-   ![Insider Logo](./src/icons/brand/violet/brand-violet-16px.png) [Insider](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnmjfbmebeckhpejobgjjjnchlljiagp) (on feature completion)
-   ![Production Logo](./src/icons/brand/blue/brand-blue-16px.png) [Production](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni) (after validation in Insider)

### Install Accessibility Insights for Android

-   MacOS ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryMacOS), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderMacOS), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/MacOS))
-   Windows ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryWindows), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderWindows), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/Windows))
-   Linux ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryLinux), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderLinux), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/Linux))

## Data/Telemetry

By opting into telemetry, you [help the community](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2077765) develop inclusive software. We collect anonymized data to identify the top accessibility issues found by the users. This will help focus the accessibility tools and standards community to improve guidelines, rules engines, and features.

This project collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) to learn more.

## Reporting security vulnerabilities

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this project, please follow [these steps](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/ff852094.aspx) to report it. For more information on how vulnerabilities are disclosed, see [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/dn467923).

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general). Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

## FAQ

Please visit our [FAQ](https://accessibilityinsights.io/docs/en/web/reference/faq) page.

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome! To get started, please read through our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines for this project. After that, see:

-   [Git branch setup](./docs/git-branch-setup.md)
-   [Virus scanner exclusions](./docs/virus-scanner-exclusions.md)
-   [Building Accessibility Insights for Web](./docs/building-web.md)
-   [Building Accessibility Insights for Android (Unified)](./docs/building-unified.md)

## Code of Conduct

Please read through our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to this project.

Commit message:

Add deprecation notice to readme

README.md, after:

<!--
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the MIT License.
-->

## ![Product Logo](./src/icons/brand/blue/brand-blue-48px.png) Accessibility Insights for Web & Android

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/accessibility-insights/accessibility-insights-web/_apis/build/status/accessibility-insights-web%20CI?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/accessibility-insights/accessibility-insights-web/_build/latest?definitionId=37&branchName=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/accessibility-insights-web/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/microsoft/accessibility-insights-web)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg?label=Version)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/stars/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni/reviews)

Two projects are built from this repository:

-   **Accessibility Insights for Web** is a browser extension for Google Chrome and the new Microsoft Edge, used for assessing the accessibility of web sites and web applications.
-   **Accessibility Insights for Android** is a cross-platform desktop tool used for testing accessibility of Android applications.

### Notice
The Accessibility Insights team is proud to provide accessibility scanning solutions across multiple platforms including Web, Windows Desktop, and Android. Unfortunately, the usage of Accessibility Insights for Android did not meet expectations and we will be **ending support of that product** effective June 1 2023, so we can focus on our more popular products for Web and Windows Desktop. The product download link will be removed to promote security and discourage use of an unmaintained version of the product. The source code will remain available under the MIT open-source license. We are grateful to the community who continue to use our accessibility testing products!

### Install Accessibility Insights for Web

-   ![Canary Logo](./src/icons/brand/red/brand-red-16px.png) [Canary](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hbcplehnakffdldhldncjlnbpfgogbem) (released continuously)
-   ![Insider Logo](./src/icons/brand/violet/brand-violet-16px.png) [Insider](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnmjfbmebeckhpejobgjjjnchlljiagp) (on feature completion)
-   ![Production Logo](./src/icons/brand/blue/brand-blue-16px.png) [Production](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni) (after validation in Insider)

### Install Accessibility Insights for Android

-   MacOS ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryMacOS), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderMacOS), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/MacOS))
-   Windows ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryWindows), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderWindows), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/Windows))
-   Linux ([Canary](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/CanaryLinux), [Insider](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/InsiderLinux), [Production](https://aka.ms/accessibility-insights-for-android/downloads/Linux))

## Data/Telemetry

By opting into telemetry, you [help the community](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2077765) develop inclusive software. We collect anonymized data to identify the top accessibility issues found by the users. This will help focus the accessibility tools and standards community to improve guidelines, rules engines, and features.

This project collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) to learn more.

## Reporting security vulnerabilities

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this project, please follow [these steps](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/ff852094.aspx) to report it. For more information on how vulnerabilities are disclosed, see [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/dn467923).

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow [Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general). Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

## FAQ

Please visit our [FAQ](https://accessibilityinsights.io/docs/en/web/reference/faq) page.

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome! To get started, please read through our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines for this project. After that, see:

-   [Git branch setup](./docs/git-branch-setup.md)
-   [Virus scanner exclusions](./docs/virus-scanner-exclusions.md)
-   [Building Accessibility Insights for Web](./docs/building-web.md)
-   [Building Accessibility Insights for Android (Unified)](./docs/building-unified.md)

## Code of Conduct

Please read through our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to this project.
